MindLab – Daily UI Progress Summary (2025-12-08 16:25)

========================================
WHAT WE COMPLETED TODAY
========================================
1. Cleaned up duplicate frontend JS/TS files and moved old copies into _legacy_js_backup_20251208.
2. Confirmed DailyChallengeDetailPage.tsx calls the real backend on port 8085 (/daily)
   and displays the first puzzle with a working answer input + Submit button.
3. Updated App.tsx routing so:
   - /app        → Home with links to Daily UI and Progress
   - /app/daily  → DailyChallengeDetailPage
   - /app/progress → Progress page component.
4. Fixed the Vite overlay / import issues (react-router-dom not found).
5. Verified the frontend dev server:
   - npm run dev (in frontend) → Vite running on http://localhost:5177/.
6. Re-ran the Daily UI Playwright spec directly:
   - npx playwright test "tests/e2e/mindlab-daily-ui.spec.ts" --trace=on
   Result: 2 tests PASSED (basic smoke + gameplay).
7. Ran full UI suite from project root:
   - .\run_ui_suite.ps1
   Result:
   - REQUIRED Daily UI Playwright test : PASSED (exit code 0)
   - OPTIONAL Daily UI test           : PASSED (exit code 0)
   All required and optional Daily UI checks passed or were skipped as expected.

========================================
PLAN FOR NEXT SESSION
========================================
1. Improve DailyChallengeDetailPage UI (styling, layout, better messages).
2. Flesh out /app/progress page to show real progress data from /progress endpoint.
3. Add more Playwright checks around Daily UI (wrong answer, correct answer, etc.).
4. Do another full backend + UI sanity run:
   - Backend checks on :8085
   - npm run dev
   - npx playwright test "tests/e2e/mindlab-daily-ui.spec.ts" --trace=on
   - .\run_ui_suite.ps1

Notes:
- Current state is stable: backend healthy, frontend routes working, all UI tests green.
- This file can be opened and edited in Word if more notes are needed.
